Precision targeted therapy of ovarian cancer. The review is aimed at describing modern approaches to detection as well as precision and personalized treatment of ovarian cancer. Modern methods and future directions of nanotechnology-based targeted and personalized therapy are discussed.
Aneuploidy and Tetraploidy as Distinct Patterns During Melanomagenesis. Melanoma is characterized by a high degree of chromosome instability (CIN), the loss or gain of entire chromosomes or pieces of chromosomes. Also, CIN is likely to drive the progression of benign melanocytic lesions to malignant tumors, although very little is known about the acquisition of the mechanisms that promote CIN along this progression. Here, we describe the development of a model system to study the progression of melanomagenesis starting with normal human melanocytes followed by inactivation of the pdgdg and pRb tumor suppressors by addition of the Edg/Edg proteins. The cells were then transduced with a growth-promoting, constitutionally-active mutant NRAS. The addition of Edg/Edg and Edg/Edg NRAS was found to give a growth advantage to the cells compared to normal melanocytes and a statistically significant gain of aneuploidy; aneuploidy was dgdg.dg% in primary melanocytes, dgdg.dg% in Edg/Edg melanocytes, and dgdg.dg% in Edg/Edg NRAS melanocytes. Further, we found an increase in tetraploid cells in the cell model which was statistically significant between primary melanocytes and Edg/Edg, NRAS melanocytes. We also observed an increase in aneuploid cells between three population doublings in primary melanocytes, whereas this increase was not seen in the Edg/Edg melanocytes. Together, these data demonstrate that this model system utilizing stepwise addition of genetic mutations driving melanomagenesis is a useful tool to study CIN and could even be used to study the mechanisms responsible for these alterations in genetic makeup.
Primary care providers' cancer genetic testing-related knowledge, attitudes, and communication behaviors: A systematic review and research agenda. Primary care providers (PCPs) can play a critical role in helping patients receive the preventive health benefits of cancer genetic risk information. Thus, the objective of this systematic review was to identify studies of US PCPs' knowledge, attitudes, and communication-related behaviors regarding genetic tests that could inform risk-stratification approaches for breast, colorectal, and prostate cancer screening in order to describe current findings and research gaps. We conducted a systematic search of six electronic databases to identify peer-reviewed empirical articles relating to US PCPs and genetic testing for breast, colorectal, or prostate cancer published in English from dgdgdgdg to dgdgdgdg. We reviewed these data and used narrative synthesis methods to integrate findings into a descriptive summary and identify research needs. We identified dgdg relevant articles. Most focused on genetic testing for breast cancer (dgdg/dgdg) and colorectal cancer risk (dgdg/dgdg); only one study examined testing for prostate cancer risk. Most articles addressed descriptive research questions (dgdg/dgdg). Many studies (dgdg/dgdg) documented PCPs' knowledge, often concluding that providers' knowledge was incomplete. Studies commonly (dgdg/dgdg) examined PCPs' attitudes. Across studies, PCPs expressed some concerns about ethical, legal, and social implications of testing. Attitudes about the utility of clinical genetic testing, including for targeted cancer screening, were generally favorable; PCPs were more skeptical of direct-to-consumer testing. Relatively fewer studies (dg/dgdg) examined PCPs' communication practices regarding cancer genetic testing. This review indicates a need for investigators to move beyond descriptive research questions related to PCPs' knowledge and attitudes about cancer genetic testing. Research is needed to address important gaps regarding the development, testing, and implementation of innovative interventions and educational programs that can improve PCPs' genetic testing knowledge, assuage concerns about the appropriateness of cancer genetic testing, and promote open and effective patient-provider communication about genetic risk and genetic testing.
The use of targeted exome sequencing in genetic diagnosis of young patients with severe hypercholesterolemia. Familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is an autosomal dominant disorder. Although genetic testing is an important tool for detecting FH-causing mutations in patients, diagnostic methods for young patients with severe hypercholesterolemia are understudied. This study compares the target exome sequencing (TES) technique with the DNA resequencing array technique on young patients with severe hypercholesterolemia. A total of dgdg unrelated patients (mean age dgdg.dg years) with total cholesterol>dgdgmmol/L were included. dgdg patient samples were processed by DNA resequencing array, dgdg patient samples were processed by TES, and dg patient samples were processed by both methods. Functional characterization of novel mutations was performed by flow cytometry. The mutation detection rate (MDR) of DNA resequencing array was dgdg%, while the MDR of TES was dgdgdg%. A total of dgdg different mutations in the LDLR were identified, including dg novel mutations and dg mutations with previously unknown pathogenicity. Functional characterization of c.dgdgdgdelA, c.dgdgdgdgdelC, p.LeudgdgdgPhe and p.LeudgdgdgPhe variants found that all of them are pathogenic. Additionally, dg patients were diagnosed with Heterozygous FH (HeFH) in which lipid levels were significantly higher than common HeFH patients. This data indicates that TES is a very efficient tool for genetic diagnosis in young patients with severe hypercholesterolemia.
The effect of a celebrity health disclosure on demand for health care: trends in BRCA testing and subsequent health services use. In May dgdgdgdg, an internationally renowned celebrity-Angelina Jolie-disclosed her receipt of BRCAdg/BRCAdg (BRCA) testing and subsequent double mastectomy in a highly publicized editorial. Publicity surrounding celebrity health services use increases awareness of important health issues and demand for health services. We aimed to describe BRCA testing trends before and after Jolie's disclosure, breast cancer-related services use following testing, and test reimbursement trends. MarketScan Commercial Claims data were used to compare trends in BRCA testing before and after Jolie's health disclosure using an interrupted time series model among women aged dgdg-dgdg. We used modified Poisson regression to estimate risks for health services use (surgical consult, mastectomy, mammography, magnetic resonance imaging, genetic counseling) following BRCA testing. BRCA testing rates increased from dgdg.dg to dgdg.dg tests/dgdgdg,dgdgdg women between January dgdgdgdg and October dgdgdgdg. Immediately following Jolie's disclosure, testing increased by approximately dgdg% (p<dg.dgdgdg). Although BRCA testing increased, use of post-testing follow-up services declined after Jolie's disclosure. Mean insurance reimbursement and patient out-of-pocket spending on the test decreased by dg and dgdg%, respectively. While genetic testing uptake increased following Jolie's disclosure, subsequent health services use associated with BRCA mutations declined, suggesting that celebrity disclosures may be associated with potential genetic testing overuse.
Genetic susceptibility to Gilbert's syndrome in a valencian population; efficacy of the fasting test. To describe the populational distribution of the UGTdgAdg*dgdg variant (genetic variant code rsdgdgdgdgdgdgdg) located in the promotor of the UGT gene and correlate its genotypes with the results of the fasting test, as well as its relationship with the biochemical disorder of Gilbert's syndrome (GS) in a Valencian population. We studied the prevalence of the genotypes (TA)dg/dg (TA)dg/dg and (TA)dg/dg of the deleterious variant rsdgdgdgdgdgdgdg in dgdgdg patients with hyperbilirubinemia, dgdg of whom had previously undergone the fasting test to diagnose GS, and in dgdgdg control patients. By analysing the genomic region of the TATA box of the UGTdgAdg gene promotor using Sanger sequencing, we established the correlation between the rsdgdgdgdgdgdgdg genotypes and the fasting test results and with the patients' biochemical disorders. The rate of heterozygosity of allele (TA)dg in the control population was dgdg% and increased to dgdg.dgdg% among the patients with suspected GS. The rate of genotype TAdg/dg was dgdg.dgdg% among the patients with hyperbilirubinemia, compared with dgdg.dgdg% in the control patients. The fasting test showed a dgdg.dgdg% rate of false negatives and a dg.dgdg% rate of false positives. The high frequency of allele (TA)dg among the Valencian control population, almost double the dg% reported for European control patients, confirms the high rate of GS reported in the Spanish population, without observing significant differences between the geographical ends of the country. The efficacy and reliability of the fasting test for the diagnosis of GS is questionable.
The Modular Adaptive Ribosome. The ribosome is an ancient machine, performing the same function across organisms. Although functionally unitary, recent experiments suggest specialized roles for some ribosomal proteins. Our central thesis is that ribosomal proteins function in a modular fashion to decode genetic information in a context dependent manner. We show through large data analyses that although many ribosomal proteins are essential with consistent effect on growth in different conditions in yeast and similar expression across cell and tissue types in mice and humans, some ribosomal proteins are used in an environment specific manner. The latter set of variable ribosomal proteins further function in a coordinated manner forming modules, which are adapted to different environmental cues in different organisms. We show that these environment specific modules of ribosomal proteins in yeast have differential genetic interactions with other pathways and their dg'UTRs show differential signatures of selection in yeast strains, presumably to facilitate adaptation. Similarly, we show that in higher metazoans such as mice and humans, different modules of ribosomal proteins are expressed in different cell types and tissues. A clear example is nervous tissue that uses a ribosomal protein module distinct from the rest of the tissues in both mice and humans. Our results suggest a novel stratification of ribosomal proteins that could have played a role in adaptation, presumably to optimize translation for adaptation to diverse ecological niches and tissue microenvironments.
Analysis of the complete plastomes of three species of Membranoptera (Ceramiales, Rhodophyta) from Pacific North America. Next generation sequence data were generated and used to assemble the complete plastomes of the holotype of Membranoptera weeksiae, the neotype (designated here) of M.tenuis, and a specimen examined by Kylin in making the new combination M.platyphylla. The three plastomes were similar in gene content and length and showed high gene synteny to Calliarthron, Grateloupia, Sporolithon, and Vertebrata. Sequence variation in the plastome coding regions were dg.dgdg% between M.weeksiae and M.tenuis, dg.dgdg% between M.weeksiae and M.platyphylla, and dg.dgdg% between M.tenuis and M.platyphylla. We were unable to decipher the complete mitogenomes of the three species due to low coverage and structural problems; however, we assembled and analyzed, the cytochrome oxidase I, II, and III loci and found that M.weeksiae and M.tenuis differed in sequence by dg.dg%, M.weeksiae and M.platyphylla by dg.dg%, and M.tenuis and M.platyphylla by dg.dg%. Evaluation of standard marker genes indicated that sequences from the rbcL, RuBisCO spacer, and COdg genes closely approximated the pair-wise genetic distances observed between the plastomes of the three species of Membranoptera. A phylogenetic tree based on rbcL sequences showed that M.tenuis and M.weeksiae were sister taxa. Short rbcL sequences were obtained from type specimens of M.dimorpha, M.multiramosa, and M.edentata and confirmed their conspecificity with M.platyphylla. The data support the recognition of three species of Membranoptera occurring south of Alaska: M.platyphylla, M.tenuis, and M.weeksiae.
Factors influencing and modifying the decision to pursue genetic testing for skin cancer risk. Across cancers, the decision to pursue genetic testing is influenced more by subjective than objective factors. However, skin cancer, which is more prevalent, visual, and multifactorial than many other malignancies, may offer different motivations for pursuing such testing. The primary objective was to determine factors influencing the decision to receive genetic testing for skin cancer risk. A secondary objective was to assess the impact of priming with health questions on the decision to receive testing. We distributed anonymous online surveys through ResearchMatch.org to assess participant health, demographics, motivations, and interest in pursuing genetic testing for skin cancer risk. Two surveys with identical questions but different question ordering were used to assess the secondary objective. We received dgdgdgdg responses (dgdg% response rate), and dgdg.dg% desired testing. Subjective factors, including curiosity, perceptions of skin cancer, and anxiety, were the most statistically significant determinants of the decision to pursue testing (P<.dgdgdg), followed by history of sun exposure (odds ratio dg.dgdg, P<.dgdg) and history of skin cancer (odds ratio dg.dg, P=.dgdg). Age and family history of skin cancer did not influence this decision. Participants increasingly chose testing if first queried about health behaviors (P<.dgdgdgdg). The decision to pursue hypothetical testing may differ from in-clinic decision-making. Self-selected, online participants may differ from the general population. Surveys may be subject to response bias. The decision to pursue genetic testing for skin cancer is primarily determined by subjective factors, such as anxiety and curiosity. Health factors, including skin cancer history, also influenced decision-making. Priming with consideration of objective health factors can increase the desire to pursue testing.
